The Joe Rogan experience.
You know, that was an issue. Apparently when Reagan, when Reagan was in office,
they lower the standard of what's cuckoo for cocoa puffs and they just let a
bunch of dudes just wander through that actually wasn't it was a little bit more
complicated than that. It was, it was at the state,
the state doesn't have a right to keep you against your will if you don't want
to be. Right. So, so there had to be very specific criteria for that. So,
you know, this whole thing with gun control,
like we need to help mental health issue. Well there's,
if you talk to the psychiatrist, I'll be like, look, dude,
the criteria for getting to fur con saying, saying,
and getting somebody essentially classified as a danger to society.
And, uh, like a real threat is very steep. It's hard to do.
You, you, you can't do that because somebody talks to themselves,
you can't do it because they're hearing voices. Well,
the FDA doesn't like to visit that kid two years ago, right. Um,
the kid who shot up the school in Florida and they decided he wasn't a threat,
but he might not have been a threat two years ago. When people saying, oh,
you know, they visited them two years ago. They're incompetent. No,
he might be a different person.
Now you have to realize that like people get way worse.
Like we've all known people that we knew at one point in time in the life,
then you don't see him for six years. And then you see him. You're like, whoa,
well that's cause people evolve.
And sometimes they evolve and sometimes they don't. Sometimes they recede.
Sometimes it gets ugly. So they didn't. You go crazy. Weren't you talking about?
How, because 20% of boys in this country are, are,
are, are, uh, diagnosed with ADHD 20% diagnosed. If, of course,
because you have a doctor who spent 10 minutes with you,
who's not an expert on ADHD.
It could be a thousand other things I could just be. Y it was on Rhonda,
Patrick posted up to study.
And then a D H D was something that was not the one that was
created. See if Google this too. Sorry.
ADHD was the one that was created by the advertising agency. What a surprise.
There's been several conditions that were literally invented
by advertising agencies in order to promote a cure.
So it's a attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Yeah.
Look, I don't know how much of that is a real disease and maybe,
maybe some of it is maybe I'm not, I'm obviously not an expert.
Maybe some of it is a kid whose brain works different. Right?
Let me tell you something, man, my dog might have ADHD or whatever the it is.
I go to see him and he goes crazy. He's he's out of his mind.
Cause he thinks we're going run and he's running around in circles.
He's hopping up and down. He bolts back and forth into the backyard.
He's like a maniac. Like I can't control him.
You know what the solution for that is I take him running.
I don't lock them in a room and then drug them, you know?
So when you're dealing with little kids and when I was really focused, you know,
it wasn't focused algebra. You know what? I was really focused.
If somebody started talking about fighting and how to throw a right hand,
I think about what I'm saying with my dog. I mean,
there's really something to that. Like that dog wanted to go run.
And if I forced him to sit into a room,
he would go crazy to bark and he wouldn't want to do that.
That's how kids are exactly. It's the same thing. There it is.
That's hugging of the American boy, but what was the tweet? Jamie?
Is this an Esquire article? What did it, what did the tweet say?
One in five boys will be diagnosed with ADHD.
By the time they make it to high school to date only one significant study has
looked at ADHD, misdiagnosis and found 20 to 25% of boys were
misdiagnosed.
And this was before ADHD was a co as common as it is now.
So they're saying it's a real issue.
I know quite a few people that are drugging their kids.
This is my next door neighbor. They put their kid on Ritalin.
There was nothing wrong with this kid. I talked to that kid all the times.
It just takes too much energy that you just had too much energy and they didn't
want to deal with it. And they weren't paying attention to them.
They worked all day and then the kids bouncing off the walls and nobody wants to
take care of the kid. And so they put him on Ritalin offer, dude,
it's happening everywhere. It's happening, bad side effects.
Some of these drugs look at this 6.4 million children between the ages of
four and 17 have been diagnosed with ADHD by high school.
Nearly 20% of all boys will have been diagnosed with ADHD.
A 37%, 37% increase since 2003. My son,
my son is a classic example of a kid who doesn't like to sit still.
And rough houses. Google is an origin of ADHD.
See if a schools have no time for horse, they have no time for boy energy.
No you're near you're. You're condemned because it's aggressive.
And my son's way to not be a boy.
He's being told that his hands are hot lava and he can't use his hands.
That's healthy. Oh my God. What kind of liberal school are you taking?
Public school. Public. That's what happens? That's awful.
This is what we're dealing with. Yeah. Uh,
1900 ADHD was first mentioned in 1902 British pediatric pediatrician.
So it must be a wrong one.
A different one described an abnormal defect of moral control in children.
He found that some effected children could not control behavior the way a
typical child would, but they were still intelligent.
Maybe it was restless leg syndrome. Didn't you tell him?
I feel like that one might have been, but I don't know who was the, oh, sorry.
Sorry. Who was the guest? Do you remember the guest?
It was a woman who was telling us all about this. Some medical expert.
Was it Kelly Brogan? It might've been, might've been Kelly Brogan.
Dr. Kelly Brogan. W well,
didn't you say weren't aren't there studies about school shooters and a lot of
them were on SSRI since yes. Mass shooters,
not just school shooters, but like even this Vegas guy,
the Vegas guy was on anti-anxiety medication. Wow. Yeah. That stuff.
And that's also, Chris Cornell was on anti-anxiety medication.
There is a lot of people who are on psych drugs who lose their
minds because psych drugs are not universal. Right? Like there's no thing, like,
here's a perfect example. Say if you have a,
there's a solution that makes alcohol
91 octane. Right.
And you add something to that and you can add some additives and it'll spike it
up and you could try to find the right mixture, but that's just gasoline.
Right? You throwing things in there and try to mix it up.
You don't know exactly what the right thing is.
That's how they're doing your brain. Correct.
When they're shifting these things, that's why they say, try this one.
There's not like, okay, you have one cup of flour.
You need two eggs and one tablespoon of sugar. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There's no specific recipe. And what the does feel good?
Mean th the other thing that they're not taking into account is that, you know,
you might be depressed for a good reason. In other words,
if you made me do a job, I hated, and I wasn't allowed to work out,
or I didn't know how to eat or a thousand things that make me feel good.
Cause I have to self-regulate I'm 51. And I gotta, I got,
I still have to self-regulate because otherwise, um, you know, I'll go crazy.
If I don't have, if I didn't know how to do those things,
I would probably be depressed. Now. Now you're going to give me drugs. Well,
that's not going to help me. Well, here's what it is. What I'm doing.
My behavior is what it is for sure.
But here's where I think you got to recognize that that kid, your son,
who has that energy, that's a gift.
And what you're doing is you're making him squander that gift by sitting them
down in a charity, wants to go crazy.
That kid is supposed to be like my dog running around all day. Okay.
My dog is a year old at seven. He's a seven year old dog, basically, you know,
in dog years. And he's like a seven year old kid he's running around.
He's going crazy. You know? But that's because he wants to run. Exactly.
But once he runs, he's fine dogs. The best. Yes. And your kid will be too.
If you,
if your kid was involved in something where they emphasized physical movement
and then taught things in between workouts taught things in between, you know,
they play a game outside, play a little Dodge ball, play a little soccer,
play a little basketball. Then after wear yourself out a little, come sit down,
we're going to teach about math. So teach them about math. And then, you know,
you're going to show them, this is leverage. We're all gonna pick things up.
Do you think I pick it up? Like, or like, let them now pick it up with leverage.
Oh, you see, you understand, you could teach kids in a very physical way.
Instead of forcing them to sit down who the wants to sit that hard chair,
we feel other people's gum on the top of your leg. You know, it sucks. Yeah.
It sucks. You're sitting there waiting for the class to be over stuck.
Their energy's out. Let him around.
Did I ever tell you that my acting teacher who looked at me a lot of times the
greatest and he goes, uh, I'd done a scene. And he goes,
you know what we got to with, you got a little self-esteem problem.
You think of yourself as a second banana. And I was like, what? He goes, yeah,
you got to start believing in yourself more. He goes,
you got to start thinking of yourself as a first banana. Did he say this?
When he was in his underwear? He did. He was, I was wearing, I was wearing,
I was wearing a black place on it. He was put these black lights on these on,
there you go. I'm going to Pierce her nipples and all this. What's that? Why,
why do you smell like cologne with leopard seal? This is weird.
So he says that to me. And I'm a young actor and I'm up of her. And I'm like,
I got to get better. I got to get higher. Self-esteem.
So I say to my buddies kind of Cooper guys, one of my buddies, older and wiser,
and I said, um, said, man, I, I was told I have low self esteem, you know?
And I heard a voice in the back, over there goes, thank God.
And I go, huh? And they go,
you really think you'd be this funny if you liked yourself, bro.
And you think you'd be a actor. If you liked yourself, go yourself.
That guy's an. Keep hating yourself. It's the best part of you.
And I was holiday card tanks, mom. I know. I was like, you're right. I liked it.
The whole point.
The whole thing that drives me is the fact that I've never been satisfied with
myself. And I'm never going to lose that. I, if I,
if you make me really happy with myself, I'm not so sure it's a good thing.